still in the football world botafogo
fourth soon threatened to sue that
youtube channel the back door and the
television is also the main group of
internet humor in brazil funds
was where warriors left and went
backdoors
Did you know that the team did not like it?
of having been there the theme of the last video
published and now threatens to sue the
internet channel in the short to whom it is
accompanying you over the internet is
seeing it was published last Thursday
the actors simulate a match of
football and ironize the amount of
sponsors in alvinegro's shirt at
talk with uol vice president
of the Sunday eurid botafogo
club brand was used without
authorization
is that the video was caught was recorded
actually in the training center of the
flamengo of the botafogo and the actors
that interpret the flamenguistas dress
the new shirt launched the same day by
sponsor the production then had the
support from the institutions there
he concluded by saying that both
funds as Flemish and the sponsor
will be liable for the use of
and the attempt to depreciate
according to him wearing the botafogo shirt
with poor quality material
in fact it's only me who understood that it was
a criticism of the prison of the guys in the
fifa football money
Did you even see if you found the key?
what happened did not look the world is
really boring huh
and there are a lot of people taking humor to
Serious in Brazil, you think the guy made a
joke right itajaí want to process and
it will not work at all, this is the big
It's true, I guess it's not going to happen.
it's about the thieves' fifa problem
what's out there I think is great is
another where the guys are playing and
There really is a lot of
Botafogo Botafogo has to worry.
to pay on time that never made a
change does not the lledo toledo was
Botafogo doctor
thirty years when she went to see she had
guarantee fund of he forgave the other
sai has also forgiven you means that
this is the problem of botafogo to define
a josi neve even use this video
to draw more attention to the twisted
the positive mind people live
trying to sue everyone now
world is too boring you can not
play with nothing, will not you?
You know, it's very politically correct .
My taste